Described existing LTS updates as built-in into product (#2752)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/ai_actions/ai_actions_guide.md

### Triggering actions programmatically

> AI Actions expose a REST API interface that allows for programmatic execution of AI actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AI Actions feature exposes a REST API interface that allows for programmatic execution of AI actions.
```

### Extensibility

> Built-in AI action types offer a good starting point, but the real power of AI Actions lie in extensibility.

Reviewer: It's about "power"

```suggestion
Built-in AI action types offer a good starting point, but the real power of AI Actions lies in extensibility.
```
